now that you say
we got it right the first time that we
cried and now we're free to be alright
yeah cuz I won't
that's not
yes you'll get
the Canadian International School is a
culturally rich mosaic serving each
student by providing a world-class
international education nurturing
potential developing lifelong skills and
preparing students for an ever-changing
global community about 75% of our
student body is multinational with
students from over 40 nationalities we
offer only international curricula we
have a multinational teaching faculty as
well as we are fully accredited by the
Council of international schools and the
New England Association of schools and
colleges we were the first school in
Bangalore to introduce the ID diploma
program in the year 2000 our students
have consistently achieved higher than
the world average results and secured
admissions into Ivy League schools as
well as deputed global University in
2011 we became the first school in
Bangalore to pioneer iPad integrated
teaching and learning programs all these
factors make the Canadian International
School the only truly International
School in Bangalore Canadian
International School is the longest
serving International Baccalaureate
School in Bangalore at Canadian we
instill the skills and attitudes
necessary for the students to become the
people they need to become and not the
people that others wish them to become
if you walk the halls of cis you will
see the learner profile and signs
throughout your reflective risk-takers
caring knowledgeable these are all
attributes that we instill in our
students at Canadian International
School we also have multicultural day it
comes around each year it's much more
about the the balanced in an education
to balance and the students live every
student grade 6 to 12 learns on an iPad
it means that not only are the students
connected within the classroom and
within the school itself but they are
part of a greater community of a global
community and that is a future of
Education and the future is now